Today you are your day
live on
Go to the beast
But you fought
Yeah.
Cockroach, are you okay?
The kid who practices qi
Didn't he once boast that Haikou wanted to see me?
Now the deity is here
Instead, he shrunk his head as a turtle, hahahaha.
Zhao Ping, you
He doesn't deserve to owe our suzerain at all
You are courting death
Your Thunder Cloud Sect is really impatient
i
Run out
No wonder a Qi Hunter dared to be so rampant
It turns out that there is a Xuanyinzong platform for you behind you
Lei Yun Tianzun
I suggest you step down now
The matter is still open to negotiation.
Lest the Thunder Cloud Sect get a doomed end
Hahahahaha
Unexpectedly, the dignified Xuanyin Sect
It was actually reduced to falling into a well with me
Tianzong can be matched as the Netherworld of Heaven
Even if I, Xuan Yingzong, are lonely
It's not your turn to trample on the Thunder Cloud Sect at will
Hmph, it's someone else's dog
Talk about dignity
Xuanyin Saint Venerable
You are too naive
Now if you step back
The deity can die without saving it
What a good dog!
For a mere trainer
Even the Tongque Mausoleum of the Protector Emperor soldiers has moved out
If my ancestors hadn't left the customs
I really don't want to go head-to-head with you
Happy Hall
The old man hasn't painted yet
When is it your turn to yell here?
It's the ancestor of Thunder Cloud
Oh, my God.
It's all over now